hello my name is maxim and today
I'll show you a review on my 5
minifigures 1 1 minifigure this
like a steve so keep him in a stupid
eyes and pickaxe
so on steve kopatych miner glad i'm
wanted to do hirobrin and but make it
okay go to the menu and deft second
minifigure is our spiderman
without it without a spider on a suit it's because
what is it where you are me so high quality
asos in the regiment
it is clear where kabuto conditionally and on the feet
okay go to 3 3 figure we
like a gangster
such clothes man is his weapon
Lego Brick Dubovik
scoring so nothing but a cock 5 Chubuk
you can minifigure it with us
the gardener from him flowers house the gardener house
this is my grandmother 's grandmother
accidentally left in
here are such flowers did not come across well
can not goblin cattle police
sections 5 and 5 minifigure is such a type
the boxing cops are so cool
threw jet pack
so that the metal and then this
and goes goes gangster stole u how stole
money and
and here he appears with soft weapons to us
I have somewhere here here too , this one too
shotgun if nice if you
liked this boombox
I will show you how to do it in the next series.
ok everyone thanks for watching put
likes subscribe to the channel good luck to all
bye everyone